id	Sentence1	Sentence2	Gold Tag
s_1	But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.	But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.	4
s_2	Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.	Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.	4
s_3	The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.	Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.	3
s_4	The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.	The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.	3
s_5	The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.	2
s_6	Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
s_7	U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.	5
s_8	Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."	Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."	4
s_9	Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.	The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.	4
s_10	The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.	The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.	3
s_11	The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.	4
s_12	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.	4
s_13	The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.	The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.	5
s_14	The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.	In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.	5
s_15	Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.	Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.	5
s_16	Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.	Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.	3
s_17	The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.	In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.	5
s_18	Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.	The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.	4
s_19	They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.	They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.	3
s_20	When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.	At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.	5
s_21	Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.	The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.	4
s_22	In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.	Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.	4
s_23	If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.	4
s_24	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.	1
s_25	Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.	Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.	1
s_26	Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.	It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."	3
s_27	But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.	But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.	4
s_28	Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.	Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.	4
s_29	The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.	The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.	3
s_30	The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.	The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.	4
s_31	Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.	3
s_32	One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.	Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.	3
s_33	Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.	Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.	3
s_34	Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.	5
s_35	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	3
s_36	Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.	But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.	2
s_37	Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.	Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.	4
s_38	He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.	Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.	4
s_39	Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."	"I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill," Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.	3
s_40	Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.	The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.	3
s_41	Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.	Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	4
s_42	Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.	There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.	2
s_43	A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.	The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.	4
s_44	The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.	The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.	4
s_45	Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.	Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.	3
s_46	Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.	3
s_47	However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".	However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."	4
s_48	The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.	3
s_49	Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.	House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.	4
s_50	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	4
s_51	So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.	4
s_52	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.	The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.	3
s_53	On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.	On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	4
s_54	Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.	Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.	2
s_55	Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	4
s_56	Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.	In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.	3
s_57	Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.	Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.	4
s_58	Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.	A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.	5
s_59	Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.	4
s_60	Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.	In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.	1
s_61	The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.	The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.	4
s_62	The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.	An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.	2
s_63	Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.	4
s_64	The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.	But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.	2
s_65	Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.	Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.	3
s_66	"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.	Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."	3
s_67	The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.	The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.	5
s_68	The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.	The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.	3
s_69	The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".	The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."	4
s_70	Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.	The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.	4
s_71	During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.	5
s_72	Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.	He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.	3
s_73	The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.	4
s_74	He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.	Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.	3
s_75	During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.	Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.	4
s_76	The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.	A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.	5
s_77	U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.	FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.	4
s_78	Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.	Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.	4
s_79	There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.	Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.	2
s_80	Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.	Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.	3
s_81	"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.	"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.	4
s_82	The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.	Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.	3
s_83	"They were tossed around like feathers," Gordon said.	"The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers."	3
s_84	Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.	Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.	3
s_85	"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete," Barrett said.	"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete" with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.	3
s_86	Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.	Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.	3
s_87	Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.	Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.	3
s_88	Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.	The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.	3
s_89	Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.	BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.	4
s_90	"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.	The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.	4
s_91	Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	5
s_92	On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.	The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.	4
s_93	The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.	The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.	4
s_94	Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.	Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.	3
s_95	Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.	Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.	2
s_96	According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.	"MediaMax performs EXACTLY as "advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.	4
s_97	Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.	But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.	3
s_98	The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.	Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.	3
s_99	The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.	The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.	3
s_100	The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.	U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.	4